Update deploy-hooks.md (#3995)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/deploy-hooks.md

Be sure to add the webhook configuration to the [production](https://strapi.io/documentation/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/installation.html) Strapi application that powers your Cloudflare site.

![Configuring Deploy Hooks with Strapi](../media/strapi.png)

> ### Storyblok 
> You can set up and configure deploy hooks for triggering events and perform functions like Create a publish a space. In your Storyblok space, go to **Settings** tab, under the webhooks tab. Paste your recently unique deploy hook into the **Story published & unpublished** field and save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Storyblok

You can set up and configure deploy hooks in Storyblok for triggering events. In your Storyblok space, go to **Settings** and scroll down to **Webhooks**. Paste your deploy hook into the **Story published & unpublished** field and select **Save**.
```
